docs: update tutorial terminal blocks with correct metadata (#1209)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/tutorial/django.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: Learn how to containerise a Django app into a rock using Rockcraft's django-framework extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: Learn the process of making a Django app into a rock. In this tutorial, we use the django-framework extension to bootstrap and test the contents of the rock.
```

Not the focus of your PR, but we have style guidelines, some more recent than others, about docs and meta descriptions:

- We use US English.
- Starcraft and Comms have a rule for [inflected product names](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/starflow/how-to/starcraft-style-guide/#product-names).
- We have [meta description conventions](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/starflow/how-to/add-a-page-meta-description/#write-a-meta-description) for different Diátaxis types; this is the same guidance available in the Library. :)

I also edited it to be more in line with how I think a tutorial's description should go.

Can you apply these to the rest of the meta descriptions?

Author: Thank you for letting me know about these style guidelines and conventions, I'll make sure to remember these for next time! I have updated the meta descriptions.
